[Music]
fresh geeky ffw fresh fudge why these
boys I can like female help I can be
your hubby I just want to study show
they stop the ass yo friends me you love
me and that's when things got quiet
quest VIII watching 65 on Mariah no I'm
riding in the plane I'm the pilot on the
Flyers you got gas but no flames get a
pilot he i supply your own beats on the
tyrant I speak Ryan black and decline
the climate my seat reclined a dime off
decided and she bailed me like a
motherfucking son yes I'm just next to
perform like 56 and your girl or nuts
like vice grips I don't need a
girlfriend I run a tight ship so once
this role now tap open like a spike
strip
[Music]
hey is on the side like how we get that
pressure here not you pretty she's on a
hash it's not just matter what I'm about
to lead a guy who's with my dog you got
a coffee like the older of eating hash
risk I bet you couldn't match dish just
pool too when i'm gone for the hatchery
so that means dogs brought us yet rich
gonna trip and fall accidents online go
ahead and check me out real quick this
is why girls wanna screw me like a real
big reason why you hate that still
listen to my relationship i got you
feeling precious me when I finish smoke
broken oh good center of attention in a
house party finding chicks over in the
kid if i use you to what you're missing
there is competition stop look Doug E
bench press since Lottie Dottie slick
rick rolling the Whydah thick chick
she's going off a chick flick hey game
the balls let you fend the blow tick
tick boom game on and shaking off the
head shake lipstick everywhere cutting
like machete yeah I'm on it and I'm
ready to rain on how like effetti here
trying to break it in putting pressure
on her let me
dick help us eat so she rip it like a
teddy bear boug watching cheat on you
see I've been straight from your noon
see I to the tee box Mia fresh from the
fit into the leave I've the leader and
niggas played out like fela school of
hard knocks e itunes they all and I make
birds fly south when they moving large
flocks fresh it in the mall parking lot
Dougie fresh or attend her keys got her
to step on our
[Music]
back up